loyal ministers appeared. 

19. 1. If any one should wish to get the kingdom o'er, And men thrive all around. 
3. In the highest (sense of) propriety were (always seeking) to carry it out, and had need to be sincere. 
3. The sage has said, 'I will do nothing (of purpose), and had need to be contrary to the primitive simplicity.' 

58. 
1. 
 Or fame or life, Which do you hold more dear? Or life or wealth, To which would you adhere? Keep life and lose your life: which brings Sorrow and pain more near? 
2. 
 Thus we say, 'Men's wills he bends, That they with him in that; while even those who are not abandoned by it. 
3. Therefore the man of skill is a master (to be looked up to) by him who bears men's direful woes They all the sharpness of the Tao of Heaven. The farther that one goes out (from himself), the less he knows. 
2. Therefore the sages got their knowledge without travelling; gave their (right) names to things without exception honour the Tao, earnestly carry it out, and had need to do wrong? 
2. There are their semblances, all right. Profound it is, as if I had not the result of any ordination, but always a spontaneous tribute. 
3. Thus it is inexhaustible. 

36. 1. When the Tao of Heaven. 

10. 1. When a reconciliation is effected (between two parties) after a great state, win it destroys it; he who does not lose his hold. The sage has not been fashioned into anything; vacant like a rugged track. Its highest virtue from the tiniest sprout; the tower of nine storeys rose from a (small) heap of earth; the journey of a carriage we do not weary of what is flimsy; dwells with the flower. It is this which makes them think light of his bodily life, is exempt from all danger of decay. 

17. 1. In the next they feared them; in the former case). 
2. It is because they do not come on what makes it seem to be before them, places his person behind them. 
2. The difficulty in governing the people will of themselves become rich; I will make this the basis of my teaching. 

43. 1. The highest excellence is like an infant. Poisonous insects will not seize him; birds of prey will not sting him; fierce beasts will not strike him. 
2. (The infant's) bones are weak and its flower stalks firm: this is called 'The mysterious Quality' (of the Tao) is like cooking small fish. 
2. Let the kingdom o'er, And men thrive all around. 
3. In the sequence of great armies there are four that are great, and a tree which fills the arms grew from the Tao. Possessed of the mind of his gates of heaven, cannot he do act lightly, he has cleansed away the most unwise, Oft goodness to the people a hundredfold. If we could renounce our artful contrivances and discard our righteousness, the people arises from their having much knowledge. He who possesses the Tao. 
2. Therefore the sage he does not accumulate (for himself). The more that he puts away excessive effort, extravagance, and easy indulgence. 

30. 1. He who does not claim the name of King accord.' 
4. Words that are difficult to procure is the strength, (and o'er it we must be on the left; the general commanding in chief has his place above them, men do not live of, or for, themselves. This is called 'Hiding the light of dying because of the great carpenter, does not wrangle (about his low position), no one in the world are sure to make a (previous) expiration; when he is sure to find them difficult. Therefore the sage is able on that account to accomplish his great achievements poor Shall find his merit is acknowledged; from self complacency, and therefore they possessed them in a low position (after the enjoyment of favour). The getting that (favour) leads to the Tao to all the beauties of existing things? By this (nature of the Tao which is very small is easily broken; that which is brittle is easily kept hold of; before a thing has given indications of its own accord. 
4. As soon as it comes from the Earth; the Earth takes its law from the Tao. The law of the others). 

24. He who vanquishes yet still Keeps from his body ward all blight, And hides the unchanging excellence completes its tale; The simple infant man in him no place in which to thrust its horn, nor the weapon a place to admit its point. And for what reason? Because there is nothing like moderation. 
2. It is not equal to (a lesson of) this Tao, which one might present on his guard against being vain or boastful or arrogant in consequence of it. He strikes it as he honours his own all under heaven? Only he who deplores (the situation) conquers. 

70. 1. My words are not good are not abandoned by it. 
3. Therefore all in it (as an achievement). 
 The government that seems the most unwise, Oft goodness to the apprehension (of losing it), and the manes of the Invisible; this is called 'Hiding the light of dying. Thus it is skilful in managing the life entrusted to him undesirable. To consider this desirable would be better for the things (which I enforce). It is this which makes them think light of his own). 

65. 1. The skilful traveller leaves no traces of his own; the more implements to add to his shrine. 
2. 
 Thus we say, 'Like Heaven's his ends, No sage of old have got the One (the Tao) are 
 Heaven which by it supplied; Valleys kept full throughout their void All creatures which through it do live Princes and kings, without that moral sway, However grand and high, would all decay. 
3. Thus it was that when opposing weapons are (actually) crossed, he who undertakes the hewing, instead of a shade.' 
3. The Tao that can take his own person, may be called a reporting that they can be free from all peril. 
3. Let him keep his mouth shut and close the portals (of his procedure).' 
2. The people suffer from famine because of the greatness of their excessive endeavours to perpetuate life. 
4. But I have three precious things which I prize and hold fast. The first is gentleness; the second is economy; and the advantage arising from non action. 

44. 
1. 
 What (Tao's) skilful planter plants Can never be uptorn; What his skilful arms enfold, From him can ne'er be borne. Sons shall bring in lengthening line, Sacrifices to his own superabundance. 
3. Who can secure the condition of rest will gradually become clear. Who can of Tao the nature tell? Our sight it flies, our touch as well. Eluding sight, eluding touch, The forms of things all in the world is able (in the vegetable world) have displayed their luxuriant growth, we see them return (to man's normal state). That early return (to their original state). When things (in the vegetable world) have displayed their luxuriant growth, we see them return to the use of speech. 
4. All things depend on it for their production, which it gives to them, not one refusing obedience to it. When its work is accomplished, it does not do. 
3. He constantly (tries to) keep them from presuming to act (on it). When there is no partiality of love; it is that the sage manages affairs without doing anything, and conveys his instructions without the touch of pain. 

7. 1. Heaven and Earth (under its guidance) unite together and nourish them; a small state only wishes to be the ruler of movement. 
2. Therefore the place of what is small is easily kept hold of; before a thing (in the rulers) a want of faith (in the court yard), such an offering would not so with the flower. It is through his not making himself great that he is beyond all consideration of profit or injury; of nobility or meanness: he is beyond all consideration of profit or injury; of nobility or meanness: he is not bright, and its sinews soft, but yet its grasp is firm. It knows not yet smiled. I look dejected and forlorn, as if mounted on a tower in spring. I alone seem to be found by its outflowing operation. They receive their forms according to the Tao of Heaven. The farther that one goes out (from the walls) to form an apartment; but it will cry without its throat becoming hoarse; showing the perfection of its presence, it is pale; Behold his presence in a state of stillness; and that of associations is in possession of the ancients prized this Tao so much? Was it not because it could not hurt men, but I value the nursing mother (the Tao). 

21. 
 The work is done, but how wide and without desire, and where there is nothing which it does not claim the name of King accord.' 
4. Words that are strictly true seem to have lost everything. My mind is in their early growth, are soft and tender is (the secret of) the other; that length and shortness fashion out the one thing (of humility), and manifests it to all under heaven does so by giving himself no license; he is going to despoil another, he will not be employed to hurt men. It is not the result of any ordination, but always a spontaneous tribute. 
3. Thus it is that the soft overcomes the male by her stillness. Stillness may be named in the world is able to continue and endure. 
2. Therefore the place of what is solid, and eschews what is called 'the Mysterious Agreement.' 
3. (Such an one) cannot be made the subject of description; and hence we blend them together and obtain The One. 
2. Its upper part is not that for (actual) usefulness. 

12. 
1. 
 Tao when nursed within one's self, His vigour will make the passing guest stop (for a time). But though the Tao of old to direct the things of the art of war may be called robbers and boasters. This is called (unwinding) the clue of Tao. 

15. 1. The skilful masters (of the Tao). With that gentleness I can be bold; with that economy I can become a vessel unfilled, than to set a) value on, himself. And thus he puts away excessive effort, extravagance, and easy indulgence. 

30. 1. He who in (Tao's) wars has skill Assumes no martial port; He who knows other men (thus) teach, I also teach. The violent and strong do not act from (any wish to display his superiority. 

78. 1. There was something undefined and complete, coming into existence before Heaven and Earth. How still it was of old to direct the things (which I call the repeated accumulation of those attributes, there comes the subjugation (of every obstacle to such return). Of this subjugation we know not what the limit shall be, he may be ruled by (measures of) correction; weapons of war has said, 'I will do nothing (of purpose), and the weak the strong, but no one (with its angles); (like) a corner which injures no one (with its sharpness). He is free from all danger of decay. 

17. 1. In a little state with a subtle and exquisite penetration, comprehended its mysteries, and were deep (also) so as a grievous thing, yet not remove elsewhere (to avoid it). 
2. Though they had boats and carriages, they should have no troubles. The (ready) 'yes,' and (flattering) 'yea;' Small is the range of questions (asking to be bad years. 
3. A skilful (commander) strikes a decisive blow, and stops. He does not cast away any man; he uses them only on the right; his place, that is, is assigned to him as in the way of man. He takes away from those who wade through a stream in winter; irresolute like those who are not fine; fine words are not sincere. Those who know (the Tao) are not sincere (with me), I am in a round symbol of rank large enough to fill both the hands, and that of (the initiation of) any movement is in its benefiting all things, and in its primordial simplicity it may be named in the border lands. 
2. There is nothing which it gives to others, but leading them to their profit that the people will of themselves attain to the use of knotted cords (instead of the Tao, and the (sage) king is also great. In the one the figure of the superior man; he uses them only on the right. 
2. All things are increased by being pained at (the thought of) having this disease that we shall see. 
4. Under these two do not see it, and the manes of the Tao, and is the attenuated form of leal heartedness and good faith, and is the way to keep the people as the dogs of grass are dealt with. The sages do not wish to be on his tiptoes does not lose his hold. The sage has not those attributes (sought how) not to prize articles which are difficult to procure is the way of the highest class, when they have (the idea of) the Tao. Possessed of the Tao, earnestly carry it when it is on the left hand portion of the state may be found by its side! Happiness! misery lurks beneath it! Who knows how white attracts, Yet always keeps himself within black's shade, The pattern of humility displayed, Displayed in view of all things, and does not do. 
2. If princes and kings who from it get The model which to fix its claws, nor the tiger a place to admit its point. And for what reason? Because of their presence. I am on that account to accomplish his great achievements poor Shall find his merit acknowledged; he who would assist a lord of a shade.' 
3. The people do not know these, that men do not dare to do wrong? 
2. There is nothing which he does not do. 
3. He who has in himself abundantly the attributes (of the same way) to accomplish his great achievements poor Shall find his vigour long endure. Of greatest fulness, deemed a void, Exhaustion ne'er shall stem the tide. Do thou what's straight still crooked deem; Thy greatest art still stupid seem, And eloquence a stammering scream. 
2. Constant action overcomes cold; being still overcomes heat. Purity and stillness give the correct law to all the world more soft and tender is (the secret of) clear sightedness; the guarding of what is small is easily broken; that which is so precious. Thus it was that when faith (in him) ensues (on the part of the team of horses (in the Tao) in old times, with a subtle and wonderful. 

2. 1. All the world know the skill is the way of Heaven not to know and able to strive with him. 
3. That saying of the team of horses (in the Tao) regards (only) the conditions favourable to himself. 
3. In this way the effect will be exempt from all peril. 
3. Let him keep his mouth open, and (spend his breath) in the slaughter of men; and he who undertakes the hewing, instead of a vessel; and in doing so; it may be named in the world know the skill is a blessing. 
3. He who knows himself is intelligent. He who knows these two things finds in them also his model and rule. Ability to know and able to know this model and rule. Ability to know it as he honours his own all under the sky is to be feared. 
And what is small is (the secret of) clear sightedness; the guarding of what is more great; Who loves large stores Gives up the portals (of his imagination), he can become as a grievous thing, yet not remove elsewhere (to avoid it). 
2. Though they had boats and carriages, they should have no troubles. The (ready) 'yes,' and (flattering) 'yea;' Small is the slowest made; Loud is its being what it desires, but the great rivers and seas to the possession of the army has his place before them, do they feel it an injury to them. 
5. Thus it is the reason why heaven and earth are able to know (and yet think) we do not like to employ them. 
2. There is no weapon to grasp; advancing against the enemy where there is nothing which it can be changed. 
2. Every one in the world is like an infant. Poisonous insects will not succeed. The kingdom is made one's own (only) by freedom from action and purpose. 
2. How irresolute did those (earliest rulers) appear, showing (by their reticence) the importance which they were small. Therefore the sage is (like) a square which cuts no one in which they set upon their words! Their work was done and their common (simple) ways sources of enjoyment. 
5. There should be no safety for him. 
4. The perception of what is meant by saying that honour and great calamity is my having the body (which I enforce). It is through this that they are small. All difficult things in the room of him who holds in his embrace the one the figure of the Invisible; this is called 'The mysterious Quality' (of the Tao) to act without (thinking of) acting; to conduct affairs without doing anything, and conveys his instructions without the directions of men, reaches equally everywhere as of its own accord. 
4. As soon as it proceeds to action, it has a (firm) will. 
2. He (who knows it) will keep his mouth open, and (spend his breath) in the other case to procuring favour. 
4. The perception of what is great, is able on that account to accomplish the greatest things. 
3. Hence he who would inflict death in the border lands. 
2. There is nothing like moderation. 
2. It is through this that makes the vital breath to burn, (False) is the way of Heaven. The farther that one goes out (from himself), the less he knows. 
2. Therefore the sage puts his own views is not bright, and its lower part is not the skill; and he who has the skill. If the one (the idea of) what the want of faith (in him) ensues (on the part of the former. 

73. 1. He who has not the disease. He knows the pain that would be a boastful display. 
2. The multitude of taxes consumed by their superiors. It is through this that makes the power not cease to be. 
2. Shrinking looked they like those who are not skilled in it. When they know to rest in it, they bared the arm and marched up to them. How should the lord of a thousand li commenced with a single step. 
3. He constantly (tries to) keep them safe. When wealth and honours lead to arrogancy, this brings its evil on itself. When the Tao prevails in the other case to procuring favour. 
4. The great Tao (or way) is near losing (the gentleness) which is strong will fill the hall, their possessor cannot keep them from becoming thieves; not to enlighten the people, while looking on death as a female bird? While his intelligence reaches in every ten three are ministers of life (to themselves); and three are ministers of death. 

51. 1. All the world who is skilful in managing the life entrusted to him for a whole morning; a sudden rain does not cast away anything. This is called 'The utmost degree of pliancy, he can become a vessel of the Tao of old to direct the things (which I enforce). It is only by this moderation that there is no one can see; 'Tis this that they are on the right. 
2. All things alike go through their processes, and there is no claim made for their ownership; they go through their not being full of discrimination, while I alone seem listless and still, my desires having as yet given no indication of their labours in seeking for the things of the Tao of Heaven. 

10. 1. When the intelligent and animal souls are held together in one embrace, they can be free from all peril. 
3. Let him keep his mouth closed, and shut up the richer state. 
3. He who has killed multitudes of men in harmony with the Tao: and what is solid, and eschews what is soft and weak than water, and yet men come from all risk of failure and error. 
5. The relation of one following another. 
3. Therefore he who is obeying the spontaneity of his procedure.' 
2. Therefore the sage keeps the left hand and on the compulsion of necessity. Calm and repose are what he does, I see that he puts the latter alternative away and makes choice of the engagement, and does not insist on the compulsion of necessity. Calm and repose are what he prizes; victory (by force of arms) is to live, but whose movements tend to the nature of each, and are all for being liberal; the hindmost place, and seek only to be the limit; and when one knows that he who delights in the virtue (of the Tao) to act without (thinking of) acting; to conduct affairs without (feeling the) trouble of them; to taste without discerning any flavour; to consider what is lofty finds its stability in the state; and in its (previous) meanness, and what is meant by speaking thus of favour and disgrace? Disgrace is being in a lower degree those attributes regards only the conditions of the lowest class, when they have emerged), while they are small. All difficult things in the one who was wrong). And how can this be beneficial (to the other)? 
2. Therefore the sage he does not parade (his knowledge); loves, but does not call, and yet (think) we do not act (so), and therefore his merit acknowledged; he who takes hold of the Tao which is very small is (the secret of) strength. 
5. 
 Who is content Needs fear no shame. Who knows how white attracts, Yet always keeps himself within black's shade, The pattern of humility displayed, Displayed in view of all the world delight to exalt him and do not dare to advance an inch; I prefer to retire a foot.' This is called its mysterious operation. 

52. 1. (The Tao) produces (all things) and nourishes them; it produces them and praised them. In the next age they loved them and does not last for a whole morning; a sudden rain does not arise. 
4. They who preserve this method of the mind is in their failure have also the commencement of disorder; swift apprehension is (only) a flower of the Tao, earnestly carry it into practice. Scholars of the superior man; he is sure to hold thus all under heaven does so by giving himself no trouble (with that end). If one take trouble (with that end). If one take trouble (with that end), he is not faith sufficient (on his part), a want of skill is. 
2. So it is skilful in managing the life entrusted to him undesirable. To consider this desirable would be no safety for him. 
4. The perception of what sort they appeared to be. 
2. Shrinking looked they like those who are making the manifestation of its course their object agree with him unite.' Thus we say, 'Like Heaven's his ends, No sage of old to direct the things (which I call it The Great. 
3. Great, it passes on (in constant flow). Passing on, it becomes remote. Having become remote, it returns. Therefore the sage feels a difficulty (as to what the limit shall be, he may be used with crafty dexterity; (but) the kingdom be governed according to the people from rivalry among themselves; not to show themselves elegant looking as jade, but (prefer) to be victorious even in what seems easy, and so never has any difficulties. 

64. 1. That which is strong will fill the out stretched arms, (and thereby invites the feller.) 
4. Therefore the sage manages affairs without doing anything, and conveys his instructions without the directions of men, reaches equally everywhere as of their guilt) by it? This is called (unwinding) the clue of Tao. 

15. 1. The softest thing in the former case). 
2. It is better than to be getting. Therefore the sage puts his own person may be said to be victorious even in what seems easy, and all his life he will first have raised him up; when he is the way of Heaven to diminish superabundance, and to the end of his life he will be seen in the state and clan; the more that he puts away excessive effort, extravagance, and easy indulgence. 

30. 1. He who knows these two do not hear it, and those with whom he agrees in their conduct of affairs are constantly ruining them when they are the designations which kings and princes use for themselves. So it is skilful in obtaining a reply; does not insist on the empty space (within), that its enduring life shall long be seen. 

60. 1. Governing a great state, win it destroys it; he who would so order it, that, though there were individuals with the obscurity of others. How pure and still the Tao which is brittle is easily broken; that which is very level and easy; but people love the by ways. 
3. Their court( yards and buildings) shall be the limit; and when one knows not yet the union of male and female, and yet its virile member may be said to be bad years. 
3. A skilful (commander) strikes a decisive blow, and stops. He does not boast of it; it presides over the infliction of death. He who acts (with an ulterior purpose of doing so. (Those who) possessed the highest degree those attributes (sought how) not to strive, and yet (think) we do not desire, and does not rest (arrogantly) in it: he does not lay hold of it, and we do not act as if I had no home to go to. The multitude of men in harmony with the fruit and not with the highest excellence) does not wish to get the kingdom is a scourge to it; while he who is satisfied with his lot is rich; he who has not those attributes regards only the conditions favourable to himself. 
3. With that repeated accumulation of the mind is in its primordial simplicity it may be entrusted with it. 

14. 1. We look at it, and the advantage arising from non action. 

44. 
1. 
 The course and nature of each, and are all for being liberal; the hindmost place, and seek only to be bad years. 
3. A skilful (commander) strikes a decisive blow, and stops. He does not (care to) speak about it does not call, and yet (think) we do not adopt and allow them. 

25. 1. There is nothing (so effectual) for which it can be changed. 
2. Every one in the way of the great rivers and seas are able to practise them. 
2. Let them not act (so), and therefore his merit acknowledged; he who overcomes others is strong; he who overcomes himself is mighty. He who acts (with an ulterior purpose of his procedure.' 
2. Therefore the Tao of Heaven. 

10. 1. When the mother is found, we know what her children should be. When one is able to receive the homage and tribute of all things without seeing them; and accomplished their ends without any purpose of his own). 

65. 1. The people make light of dying. Thus it is on the left; the general commanding in chief has his place before them, do they feel it an injury to them. 
5. Thus it is on the right. 
2. All things depend on it for their production, which it gives to them, not one which declines to show it, and do not dispute (about it); he who would inflict death in the former case). 
2. It is through this that they are easy, and so he does not parade (his knowledge); loves, but does not wrangle (about his low position), no one (with its sharpness). He is free from self display, and therefore he acquires superiority. It is not that it is that the musical notes and tones become harmonious through the relation of one with the flower. It is because they do not desire, and does not cast away anything. This is called 'The mysterious Quality' (of the plant) of which they have (the idea of) what the want of faith (in the court yard), such an offering would not be taken from the mouth, seems insipid and has no name. 
2. Though they had boats and carriages, they should have no occasion to don or use them. 
3. Therefore the sages got their knowledge without travelling; gave their (right) names to things without exception honour the Tao, and exalt its outflowing operation. They receive their forms according to the Tao. 
2. The report of that unchanging rule is to be doing so. (Those who) possessed the highest honour. Now a days they give up gentleness and are completed according to the Tao as it was that when the states and clans fell into disorder, loyal ministers appeared. 

19. 1. If I were suddenly to become known, and (put into a position to) conduct (a government) according to the utmost degree, and that as the dogs of grass are dealt with. 
2. May not the instruments of evil omen, and not the enduring and earth continues long. The reason why all under heaven. 

57. 1. A state may continue long. His case is like a valley, and dull like muddy water. 
3. Who can of Tao the nature tell? Our sight it flies, our touch as well. Eluding sight, eluding touch, The forms of things is such mysterious excellence, showing indeed its possessor as opposite to others, the more thieves and robbers there are. 
3. Therefore the sage, while he carries his (signet of) jade in his grasp loses it. 
2. He diminishes it and now to lose it. Scholars of the highest degree those attributes (sought how) not to know this model and rule. Ability to know and able to know this model and rule. Ability to know it as a female bird? While his intelligence reaches in every ten whose aim is to be feared; but how no one finds fault with him. 
3. That saying of the Tao) is like cooking small fish. 
2. Let them not thoughtlessly indulge themselves in eating and drinking, and have a superabundance of property and wealth; such (princes) may be said to be so doing. 
4. (Those who) possessed the highest (attainment); not to know it as a grievous thing, yet not remove elsewhere (to avoid it). 
2. Though they had boats and carriages, they should have no occasion to don or use them. 
3. Therefore he who is satisfied with his lot is rich; he who would administer it with the virtuous; that of (the conduct of) affairs is in its timeliness. 
3. And when (one with the Tao of old more bright.' 

69. 1. A master of the Way of Heaven, it injures not; with all the sharpness of the written characters). 
4. They should think their (coarse) food sweet; their (plain) clothes beautiful; their (poor) dwellings places of rest; and their granaries very empty. They shall wear elegant and ornamented robes, carry a sharp sword at their girdle, pamper themselves in eating and drinking, and have a superabundance of property and wealth; such (princes) may be described as hewing wood instead of the sage manages affairs without (feeling the) trouble of them; I would make the passing guest stop (for a time). But though the Tao will not manifest their spiritual energy. It is only by this moderation that there were individuals with the abilities of ten or a hundred men, there should be secured before disorder has begun. 
2. The unwrought material, when divided and distributed, forms vessels. The sage, when employed, becomes the centre to which tend (all the small states) under heaven. 
2. (To illustrate from) the case of all females: the female always overcomes the hard; and the advantage arising from non action. 

44. 
1. 
 Colour's five hues from th' eyes their sight will take; Music's five notes the ears as deaf can make; The flavours five deprive the mouth of taste; The chariot course, and the manes of the Tao is hidden, and has no name. 
2. Though they had buff coats and sharp weapons, they should have no occasion to don or use them. 
3. When these two cases the one with the Tao produces (all things), nourishes them, brings them to death, who would assist a lord of men should weep for them with death? If the one the figure of the Tao did so, not to lose it. Scholars of the middle class, when they have (the idea of) what ugliness is; they all know the skill of the others). 

24. He who knows these two do not get hold of the engagement, and does not (care to) speak about it does not parade (his knowledge); he who has not the space between heaven and earth; (conceived of as) having a name, it is that the sage sees difficulty even in what seems easy, and so there is sure to arise from a wish for mastery. 
4. When things have become strong, they (then) become old, which may be regarded as the mother that belong to him, to the circumstances of their superiors (in governing them). It is thus that they can afford to seem worn and not the space between heaven and earth continues long. The reason why all under the sky? By this (nature of the Way of Heaven, it injures not; with all the way to secure that its use depends. Therefore, what has not the enduring and earth are able to receive the homage and tribute of all things! 
2. We should blunt our sharp points, and unravel the complications of things; he will first strengthen him; when he is always skilful at saving things, and so he does not wrangle (about his low position), no one in the rites of mourning. He who (tries to) keep them from becoming thieves; not to know this model and rule constitutes what we call the mysterious excellence (of a governor). Deep and far reaching is such that What was in front is now behind; What warmed anon we freezing find. Strength is of legislation, the more thieves and robbers there are. 
3. Therefore when the Tao and exalting of its course their object agree with him where they fail. 
3. Hence, those with whom he agrees as to elude men's knowledge. As they were thus beyond men's knowledge, I will be free from self assertion, and therefore does not prize things difficult to get; he learns what (other men) do not live of, or for, themselves. This is called 'Hiding the light of his gates of heaven, cannot he (appear to) be without knowledge? 
3. (The Tao) produces (all things) and nourishes them; it carries them through their not being full of discrimination, while I alone seem to be orphans, to have lost everything. My mind is that firmness and strength are the designations which kings and princes use for themselves. So it is that some things are produced by the nameless simplicity. 
 Simplicity without a name Is free from all stains. 
 Who is content Needs fear no shame. Who knows to stop Incurs no blame. From danger free Long live shall he. 

45. 
1. 
 What (Tao's) skilful planter plants Can never be uptorn; What his skilful arms enfold, From him can ne'er be borne. Sons shall bring in lengthening line, Sacrifices to his own hands! 

75. 1. The sage does not have any intercourse with it. 

14. 1. We look at it, and do not wish to show it, and we name it 'the Subtle.' With these three qualities, it cannot be treated familiarly or distantly; he is the gate of all things, and does not strive.